
  # Badge: Apache

  # Title: Conserving Americans Oceans

  # Description:
  I began this project because the oceans of earth are constnatly polluted by chemicals and other materials that harm the fish inside them. This problem has been going on for years and continues to be a consistent threat to marine life accross the globe. My hope with this project is to bring about a positive change and help our oceans become cleaner and safer.
  I hope that pepole are educated when they read my website and are inspired to enact a change with their recycling habits in order to keep the oceans as clean as possible. A non polluted ocean makes it so that the fish and other marine life can be used as a sustainable resource for a longer period of time without being endangered. People who take my message to heart will preserve the ocean's precious ecosystem and keep it healthy. 

  # Table of Contents:
  -[Installation](#installation)
  -[Usage](#usage)
  -[Contributing](#contributing)
  -[Tests](#tests)
  -[Questions](#questions)

  # Installation:
  The steps that need to be taken to install this README generator onto your computer are listed below:
  The software people need to have downloaded onto their computer are Visual Studio Code, Gitbash, and Github. You can find the websites to download thm onto your computer by typing the names of the software in a google search. Make sure to download the version that mathces the type of computer you have. 
  The first step a person needs to do to download the code onto their computer is to create a respostiory on their github account so they can clone my code onto their repository. The code for my readme file geenrator can be found on my personal github account. The link to my github account will be listed in the questions section fo the redme file. Next step is to click the green code button at the top right corner of my repsotiory for the redme file generator and make sure to choose the https option. The last step is to open Visual Studio Code and type the command git clone into your computer with the link following after the words git clone. This should download the code onto your computer. 
  
  # Usage
  My website should be used as an educational source for people to learn more about disposing of their recyclables properly. The website should also be shared with their friends and associates so that it can gain traction and gian peopularity. The more people that see my website the better chance there will be of the ocean staying cleaner at a more consistent rate. 
  My code is meant to be the starting point for any coder who is generating their own readme file for one of their projects. Any changes they want to make to my code after downlading it is totally fine with me. Any readme file that a person makes should reflect the project they are doing. 

  # License
  The license used with this application is Apache

  # Contributing
  To contribute to my webiste and the application follow the advice listed below:
  If others want to make contributions to my website they need to get in contact with me. My email address and phone number will be listed in the questions section below the link to my github account. They can notify me of any changes they think would be important to make to the readme file that is generated by my code. The collaboration is a team effort which means I will listen to the suggestions they make in order to improve the website. 
  I am okay with people sharing the code to my readme file generator with other so they can benefit from looking at my code. This code is meant to be both educational and modified to meet the needs for those who are creating readme files for their own personal projects. 

  # Tests
  The only test I ran for this readme file generator typing node index.js to make the questions run and get the readme file generated. The other test I had in place was with the function that creates the readme file by using the consol.log method to check for errors. 

  # Works Shown
  The link to my github profile is https://github.com/Joker282855

  # Contact
  I am usually busy working from 9:00 a,m. to 5:00 p.m. and reserve two hours after work to check if someone has reached out to me. The different ways a person can reach me will be through my email or phone number.

